Welcome to Moviecaps.
Today I will show you a Comedy, Crime, Drama
film from 2019 titled Hustlers.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
It is 2004.
Destiny, the newbie at a nightclub, gets ready
for her first shift.
Just when Justice, a co-worker of hers takes
the stage, Destiny gets her first client.
But things don’t go as smooth as she thought
they would, as the girls already have their
regulars.
With her insufficient skills, she finds it
hard to win them over.
After paying most of her earnings to the casino
as a fee, she heads back home, where she lives
with her grandmother.
She wakes up at 3 pm to get ready for her
shift.
Before leaving, she notices that her grandmother
has sold her necklace, so Destiny gives her
some cash, to which the old lady responds
with grateful words.
Once at the club, Destiny is mesmerized by
the main stage performance of Ramona.
When Ramona walks past Destiny, she whispers
to her, “Doesn’t money make you aroused?”
After the show, Destiny joins the star at
the rooftop, asking for a light.
They end up having a friendly chat.
The newbie opens up about not having enough
skills and not doing so well on her first
days.
Ramona comforts her and suggests mentoring
Destiny, showing her some of her moves, and
even working together.
Fast-forward to 2014 shows a different version
of Destiny, who is being interviewed for an
article.
The interviewer asks “so when did things
get out of control?”, and Destiny replies
that Ramona was always in control.
Back to 2004, on the following day, before
customers barge in, Ramona teaches Destiny
how to pole dance.
Destiny once again is in awe of Ramona’s
flawless moves.
She tries to give it a shot with the help
of her gorgeous mentor.
When they are both catching their breath and
laughing, Diamond gets in.
Ramona introduces her to Destiny and suggests
she teaches the newbie how to give a proper
lap dance.
Back at the changing room, the girls are getting
ready and chit-chatting about the stereotypes
people have about strippers and how their
real lives are different from the persona
they show at the club.
Destiny recalls the classification Ramona
taught her: the three tiers of wall street
guys.
The ones at the bottom who don’t do illegal
work don’t have much money, but the girls
can get their way around it if they do.
The ones in the middle get their hands a little
dirty but don’t cross limits.
And finally, there are the ones on top.
They come through the back door, get private
rooms, and spend lots of money, and I mean
lots, 10-15 thousand a night.
There were no cameras, and they could do whatever
they wanted with no consequences.
Working with Ramona made Destiny improve,
and she made a lot more money.
They also tightened their friendship bond.
Destiny, or Dorothy as her grandma calls her,
treats herself to some fine shopping.
Ramona invites her over and shows her project
of designing a swimsuit line.
After introducing the future label, Swimona.
We are introduced to Juliet, Ramona’s daughter.
Later that night, Ramona and Dorothy are having
a heartfelt talk about their future aspirations
and goals.
We are then taken back to the interview where
Dorothy asks how much of her story is going
to be in the article.
She doesn’t want to give a bad impression
about strippers and reinforce the stigma as
she was simply making an honest living back
then.
Back to her stripper days, Destiny is making
money, getting her own place, taking care
of her grandma, and even going back to studying.
She was learning at the counter when a man,
Stephen, approached her praising her handwriting.
Harnessing her sweet talk skills, she tells
him it’s probably because she doesn’t
have a computer.
Later she’s at the girl’s lockers studying
on her new laptop.
2007 was the best, according to Dorothy.
She met Johnny, her boyfriend, with whom she
had constantly been arguing.
She was making more money than Wallstreet
guys.
Even managed to buy her first car.
The last great night that Dorothy remembers
was when Usher walked in.
Everyone was dancing on the stage.
Then 2008 happened.
The worst financial disaster that happened
in decades.
Not the best time to get pregnant, but Johnny
promises he’ll take care of her.
Two and a half years later, it’s 2011 and
Dorothy has a daughter, Lily.
A final argument made the angry mother kick
Johnny out and she was left alone with her
daughter, no job at hand.
She tried calling Stephen, the tech guy who
offered her a computer back in the glory days.
But it turns out he now has a family of his
own.
And so she crossed out the last person on
her ex-clients list that is of no help now.
Dorothy tries applying for a job at retail
but to no avail.
She falls into the vicious “we want employees
with experience, but we can’t give you that
experience” loop.
And so she’s obliged to go back to the club
that has changed a lot.
All her friends left, and the new girls are
rude.
The club is more than empty.
Even the house mom ended up in customer service.
The customers don’t want to spend money
and the new girls do what they’re not supposed
to do to get the cash.
Destiny is put in a situation where she abides
by a request for cash.
She feels disgusted with herself, especially
when she realizes that she was scammed.
The client didn’t give her the promised
amount.
Devastated, Destiny leaves the champagne room
and goes back into the club, when she sees
her best friend she lost touch with years
ago, Ramona.
The two friends catch up over a cup of coffee
and Ramona tells Dorothy what she has been
up to since the crisis started.
After the financial crash, the club wasn’t
the same.
Mercedes found Ramona a job in a retail store.
She is dealing with her own issues as her
fiancé, Dragon, got arrested, and she can’t
afford a lawyer.
Ramona’s job at the retail wasn’t going
so well, so she went back to the club, but
the latter wasn’t pleasant either, so she
came up with a plan.
Spot potential customers.
Get them drunk.
Bring them to the nightclub.
Push their credit card as far as they can
and get a percentage of their spending at
the club.
But their preys weren’t always so complying.
Some even caught up with their scheme, and
so they ended up losing money instead.
That’s when Ramona thought of giving her
plan a little boost.
Instead of simply waiting for their targets
to get drunk, they would spice their drinks.
Ketamine to lose their memory and MDMA for
them to be happy and have a good time.
And so her plan worked and the cash kept coming
in.
By the end of her story, Ramona invited desperate
Destiny to join her team.
She joins them on their next hustle.
Garry was the pray.
While he is distracted, Ramona spices the
drink, and they get to the club.
Barely conscious, Garry grabs his wallet,
and Ramona swipes his golden card.
The plan was a success.
After a big celebration, to be on the safe
side, they decided to change their recipe.
After the first "cook" knocked them out cold,
the second one out of the oven was perfect.
They decided not to fish for strangers but
instead call some old friends.
Didn’t take them long to reel them in.
Each day was a new trip to the club, it worked
almost too well.
Ramona got a new place, Destiny paid for her
grandmother’s house, Mercedes hired a lawyer
for her fiancé, and Annabelle is feeling
cozy with her cat in her new apartment.
The girls even decided to outsource and expand
their team.
They taught the new girls their game.
Hustling became their everyday business.
Around Christmas time, they gathered at Ramona’s
house, along with Juliet, Ramona’s girl,
Destiny’s grandmother, and Lily.
Everyone was celebrating and exchanging gifts
- a truly heartwarming moment.
Back to the initial 2014 interview, Dorothy
is now the one asking questions.
She asks about Elizabeth’s financial status
growing up to justify their actions since
they were in a bad place.
Dorothy wants to stop the interview since
she didn’t want to be dragged into a situation
that would make her badmouth the girls, who
she considers her sisters.
Just then, Elizabeth told her that Ramona
had said the same thing the previous day.
Dorothy is shocked.
She clearly has a grudge against Ramona.
She decides to continue with the interview.
2013.
Everything was going well until Ramona’s
greed got the best of her.
She decided that she didn’t need the club
anymore and would meet their clients at hotels.
In spite of Dorothy’s objections, a new
girl joins the crew, Dawn.
The redhead was reckless, sloppy, and a cokehead.
An incident happens when Mercedes is with
one of Ramona’s clients.
The drugged man thinks he can jump into the
pool from the 1st floor, but he ends up falling
onto the ground.
While the girls drive him to the hospital,
they try to reach Ramona, but she is busy
bailing out Dawn.
When Destiny comes back home, she finds out
that her grandmother has passed away.
Ramona comes to the funeral and comforts her.
She also invites her to a gig that night to
get her mind off things and get some money.
Dorothy tells Elizabeth that at first, she
thought there was going to be some kind of
goal, and once she reached that goal, she
would stop and start clean.
The interviewer then asked if that’s what
happened with Doug.
Dorothy denies knowing someone with such a
name and calls Ramona a liar.
Elizabeth goes further into unraveling what
Ramona said about Dorothy.
Mainly that Dorothy didn’t just do it for
revenge but she was trying to make friends.
Her mom left her at her grandmother’s and
ran away.
This made her have it tough.
When Elizabeth asked what happened between
Ramona and her, she turned off the recording
tape and showed Elizabeth off.
Once Elizabeth arrives home, she gets a call
from Dorothy, who starts telling her the story.
Ramona met Doug years ago, he had some family
issues, and his friend brought him to the
club to feel better.
Destiny had a heartfelt talk with him, but
to Ramona, he was just another target.
The girls ended up maxing out his company’s
card and so he was fired.
Doug called Destiny asking for his money back
since he can’t afford to pay his mortgage.
When Ramona notices that Destiny starts showing
compassion, she wrestles her down and snatches
the phone, hanging up.
Doug filed a police report since he had voice
recordings from the reckless Dawn, who spilled
the beans when drunk.
Dawn was asked to help the cops with a sting
operation by wearing a wire.
Dorothy sensed that something was off and
when telling that to Ramona in the car, she
just says she is paranoid.
Police had no leads because none of the victimized
men wanted to confess, they were ashamed.
In a newspaper there was an article about
an architect who had racked up a $135000 bill,
after four nights of pleasure he couldn’t
even remember.
Yes, he went back three more times.
And so the girls were brought to the station.
Ramona, while withdrawing the money.
Mercedes, while visiting her fiance in prison.
Annabelle, while in her apartment and Dorothy
at her home.
Dorothy accepted the police’s deal, to guarantee
a safer future for her daughter, Lily.
Months after the interview, pregnant Elizabeth
receives a call from Dorothy and asks about
Ramona and what she truly said about her.
Ramona’s protegee tears up when she hears
that her mentor kept her picture on her, among
the precious things she carries at all times.
Ramona never spoke ill of Dorothy, she was
always by her side.
Elizabeth suggests that she should give her
a call.
Destiny pled guilty to grand larceny and attempted
assault in exchange for zero jail time.
Ramona was sentenced to five years probation.
Mercedes and Annabelle served weekends in
jail for four months and received five years
probation.
Ramona ends the movie with a heartfelt comparison.
The whole country is a nightclub, with some
people throwing the money and others doing
the dance.
Everybody’s hustling.
The end.
Thank you for watching!
Subscribe if you'd like to see more videos
like this.